Claude code just changed everything
about content creation, but most people
haven't even realized. You can now
animate presentations, decks, and even
edit videos with AI. And in this video,
I'll show exactly how to 10x your videos
using Claude, how to build beautiful
animations, and how to solve the number
one problem holding people back so you
don't waste your time or money, and you
get light-years ahead of your
competitors. If you don't know who I am,
my name is Jack Roberts. I built and
sold my last tech startup with 60,000
customers. So, with that in mind, grab
that beautiful coffee, and let's dive
straight in. Now, unlike this is not
about canceling every single video
editing subscription that you have, but
Claude design did just drop this week,
and it does make a big difference if we
use it correctly. So, let me share what
I mean. If you head over now to
claude.ai/design,
you can leverage the brand new Opus 4.7
model to build something really cool.
And one of the coolest use cases is the
ability to create these beautiful
animated graphics that we can use in any
content, Instagram, TikTok, videos, you
name it. Now, if you haven't already,
you want to start by creating your own
design guidelines under design systems.
The really cool thing about this is that
you can actually create as many design
systems as you like. And we're going to
want to codify whatever it is that you
make. So, for example, if you come down
here and click on create as a reference,
we can give it all the specifics that we
want for any type of video, and then we
can replicably create that whenever we
want to using this exact system. So, I
might come down here and say something
like, "Hey, I am a educating YouTube
channel, and I like to make things very
easy and visual to understand. I like to
use very simple, beautiful animated
graphics that communicate one point
visually." Obviously, at this point, you
can update anything that you want to or
drop in any files or assets, which is
cool. And what's really cool with this
is you can actually feed the AI images
for anything you generate. So, for
example, if I come down and just drop
some files in there, I have all of these
arrows, which I can drop in as a
reference. And you don't need to do
this, by the way, but this is just as
for for example. If you get all the
assets you think are really cool, like
here, I've got some more logos, I can
drop those in. Again, you're just going
to build this beautiful design system up
first, and then give any of the notes.
Yes, I would like one screen, one point,
very simple, gorgeous sketch style,
think kids could draw, think very kind
of beautiful animation, very simple. And
when you're done that, you're going to
come down and click on generate design
system. Now, this design system can be
used for any kind of multimedia in your
content creation process, right? It
could be, for example, if you check out
this thing I I designed for when I'm
walking through videos, right? It
doesn't have to be animation. So, when I
go through videos now on YouTube, I have
things that look like this that are very
interactive, and AI basically deploys
this whenever I want to. So, whenever
I'm doing a big course, like I'm filming
right now on Claude code, it can design
this. So, this design system could apply
to pretty much any area of content
creation you're doing, whether you're
presenting to clients, doing YouTube
videos, or creating content in any
format. Now, when I first started
YouTube, I thought I had to be the
world's best editor. I remember watching
so many Premiere Pro tutorials, it was
crazy, and I wanted to over-engineer
everything, but it's not required now.
And this is not something that you're
going to have to fire your video editor
over. But if you look at any of the big
channels now, for example, I pulled up
one here as an example, a channel called
Nisha Roe. She has two over 2 million
subscribers. These are her graphics. It
basically is just text, highlighting
that text. And another example here is
really simple animations. You don't need
to go way too complicated and design
like essentially Moz Art in a freaking
video to make this stuff work. You can
keep it simple, keep it consistent, and
it can really uplift your quality in any
part. Now, with Claude code design, one
thing that you might find is that you
reach your limits, and if you do that,
it will stop you dead in your tracks.
But here's something that people aren't
telling you, and that's the fact that
anything that you're doing right now
within Claude code design can also be
done within the Claude code app,
basically. So, if you download the
Claude code desktop app, you can do the
exact same thing. And ironically, I've
been building so much in design, I've
reached my limits, and that's a really
cool thing with this video because I can
show you exactly how you can replicate
it inside Claude code. So, basically, if
I'm in Claude code, I'm right hand side
looking at Claude code, I can basically
say, "Hey there, what I'd like you to do
is quickly just codify this design
system. What I'd like to do is create a
beautiful video animation graphic, very
simple, very design-led. I'm going to
give you logos I want included in that,
and I want you to go ahead and create
for me a really simple uh 10- to
20-second animation based on whatever
topic I give you. The first thing I want
to do, though, is codify the design
system. Confirm when you've understood
that." So, we do the exact same thing,
you can give all of those. Now, if
you've already created one of these in
Claude, what you can do here, if you
come on to design systems on the far
right, you can actually click on this
and export it. So, I've got my Jack
Roberts design system here, I can open
this up, and then pretty much download
the entire thing. That's fine, so I can
say I've hit my I've hit my limit. You
can come down here, and you can
literally, if I come down here, click on
share, I think it is, I can come down
and export this as a PDF, download it as
a zip, and then you can actually use
that exact same thing in Claude code by
just selecting that file. So, for
example, if I click on product zip, it
will download the items. And then within
Claude code, literally, you can just
decide the file here by clicking on
this, and then just select the file that
you just downloaded. And beautiful, so
now we've confirmed this as a design
system, that's fantastic. The next thing
that you're going to want to do, and I
found this best practice, actually, is
think about it as one specific part of
the video that you want to annotate. Try
not to make like 50-second like things
because the longer it gets, the more
opportunities it has to go wrong. So,
next thing I want to do is just drop in
different ideas or screenshots of things
that we think are cool for design, and
then give it one concept to annotate.
So, for example, I'm going to come down
here, and I'm going to drop in this
image that I thought was really cool.
I'll show you what that looks like. It's
kind of like a Netflix and a really nice
crisp design style. And then you're
going to give it a prompt that sounds
like this. "Hey there, so your job is to
make for me an animated video. But the
thing about this video is I'm going to
be talking over it, so I want minimal
text, and I'm going to give you the
script, and from that, it's going to be
around, you know, 10 to 20 seconds long
that illustrates one single point.
You're going to come back to me with a
plan of action about what that video is
going to look like, then I'm going to go
ahead and confirm it. The style I'm
going for is kind of similar to the
image that I've attached to you. Again,
I kind of black background, really nice
kind of iconography moving around a
little bit, and I want you to leverage
the logos that I gave you in the pack.
And if you want to, you can get really
fancy. So, for example, there's this
article I pulled called ihighagency.com,
which is fantastic. Now, you can take it
any article you want to, and you can
come back over to Claude, and I can say
something like, "I would like you to
pick one concept from this article, grab
any images from the article if you want
to, and then actually turn it into a
short animated version. So, I want one
with images and one concept, and then
one video that's just going to be purely
animated. Go ahead and make both of both
for me so I can make a decision on which
one I want." And then because you're
doing this in Claude code now, it just
unlocks new capabilities because Claude
itself can just head over to
ihighagency.com, grab all the text, and
also grab the images to give it a
completely new level of capability that
you don't get when you're only using
Claude design because think about Claude
design, it's basically just a
user-friendly version of essentially
this monster that sits underneath, which
is Claude code. And then effectively,
once you describe exactly what you want,
it will come down and do that for you.
So, we can see up the two different
videos that it gave us. Let's take a
look at video number one. This one is
the purely animated, and this is one
shot. So, let's check it out. Hit play.
All right, three rules of truth, clear
thinking, bias to action,
discoverability. So, these are the three
spokes of a high-agency person. And
what's cool here is it's added Jack's
tech stack in the bottom left, which is
cool. I didn't tell Claude anything with
that, but what's cool now is you can
integrate logos, like if you've got your
own thing, you get the idea. And then
just for completeness, this is the other
one, which effectively was um basically
go to this website, grab the images,
find me one concept that I could talk
about in a video, and then do something.
So, I'll show you this for example,
three rules of truth. It's actually
grabbed the image from the website, it's
rounded the edges, which is cool, had
the thing at the top, and then at the
end, I think it'll just like animate
away. So, you get the idea, this is the
kind of thing you can do now with
Claude. Now, the cool thing here, if you
come back over to Claude, you can now
say, "This is awesome. I really like the
style of the animated version. I'd like
you to turn this into a skill so that in
future, if I ask you questions to make
the same video, you do that exact same
thing. Make sure that it is always 5 to
10 seconds and revolves around one
single point." You send that one off,
and effectively, Claude will turn that
into a skill, which means all you ever
do, if you do forward slash, every skill
that you have is that. Then I can say,
"Use this skill here," and then
effectively, I just give it the inputs,
and you can build these now
programmatically. So, if you have video
scripts, you can integrate them. The
best place I think to integrate these,
if you're doing long-form content, is
probably just have it on the screen
while you talk about it for a second.
Now, creating graphics is one thing, but
if you wanted to edit a video, what if
you wanted to add graphics in a video,
add captions? That is something
completely different, but there is a new
repo that recently launched that does
give us some really interesting
capabilities. Now, I know you must be
thinking, Jack, whenever I've used video
editing software, it's always been
really underwhelming. And you'd be
completely correct about that. And the
big problem is really how it's used and
the task ask you tried to ask it to do.
If you ask your mate to write you, you
know, very long algebra or like
basically solve physics, she's going to
struggle, but Albert Einstein might be
okay with that. In the same way, when we
look at these new tools, we have to
appropriate them in the correct way to
get the best output. And one brand new
one is one called HyperFrames. So, what
this one can do for us is motion
graphics,
captions, transitions, lower thirds,
charts, counters, and UI mockups. So,
what exactly is it? Well, basically,
it's HTML CSS, and can do MP4s, MOVs,
and WebMs.
Um open source, it's built by Haid and
during the guys that do all the avatars,
they're obviously building their tech
stack out, which I think is quite It
makes a lot of sense for those guys to
do that, and it renders locally on your
computer. Effectively, what it does is
pretty much motion graphics, so it's
kind of stuff that agencies would charge
you money for, you know, you've just
different softwares that do things like
this, like um probably you've seen Opus
clips and that kind of thing. And it can
do a few different styles quite well, so
these magnifications, 3D UI reveals, um
you know, and it's good for kind of
Mac-based UI designs and a few other
bits and pieces. Um it talks to Claude
code, so basically, we can throw this
into our design engine and have it edit
things, and then we can just ship
different outputs. So, probably really
good use cases, talking head overlays,
uh tweet to videos, code walkthroughs,
PDFs, and promos. It isn't good at
fully, like, replacing an entire editor,
but the concept here is if you think
about video as code, anything that can
be turned into code, we can use Claude
code to accelerate. But I think this is
best explained by giving you a a really
cool example so you can see its
potential. So, what you need to do is
head over to this repo here, which is
Hyperframes, click on code, and just
copy that bad boy. Then, head straight
over to Claude Code. And let's go ahead
and create a brand new session. Often
times, it's great practice to do this to
keep our basic context window down.
You'll know as well that Opus 4.7 is
hungry, guys. Like, it like the hot even
with the design thing, it takes so many
tokens. And even on like a big limit,
you can hit. So, what I often recommend
is that 4.7 to get the basic structure.
And then when it comes to like editing
stuff, honestly, Sonnet 4.6 is way more
than enough like 99% of stuff. So, what
I'm going to do is just come down here
and say, "Hey there, I'd like to go
ahead and basically download this repo
for me. And then we're going to go and
edit a video together. What I'd like to
understand briefly is in five bullet
points, what are the coolest things that
this can do?" Okay? And I do this just
generally to show you that actually
Claude can walk you through any
technology. We paste in the GitHub repo,
and then we can download it, and then
edit a sample video that I have from
earlier. Cool. So, now that's
downloaded, I have a sample video, which
I'm going to show you right now. Hey
there, my name is Jack Roberts, and 80%
of the time, it's correct all the time.
60% of the time, it works
every time. So, I've got this thing here
called example.mp4. So, let me show you
how this works in practice. I head over
to Claude Code. I'm going to say,
"Awesome, I have a video on my desktop
called example.mp4. I would like you to
edit it in three completely different
ways to showcase the capabilities of
what I can do with this. One could be
name tag like Jack Roberts. One could
have captions. Just give me three
different looks that you think might be
interesting for this particular clip."
One of the limitations to this as well
is the fact it will only do it in 1080p.
So, if you're looking for 4K, it's not
going to be in 4K. So, it's only going
to be 1080p. And with that in mind, like
I showed you with the Nation and a few
other channels, a lot of people yes, you
can animate what you're doing, but it's
really cool just to have like it even if
it's B-roll just when the screen pops up
or some on the left-hand side as just a
kind of like supplement to content that
you're making. And cool little hack for
you as well, if you're using the Claude
desktop app, you can see down here it
tells you how many tokens it's using.
This is also a great way to understand
if Claude ever gets stuck in a loop, if
its tokens have been frozen for a while,
just come always come down and do
B by the way, okay, and
then space, and then ask it a question.
You can do even enter if you want to,
and just say, "Hey, what's happening?"
And you can actually test ask it
questions about the actual project and
what it's doing without interfering with
its core work, but it's a great way to
know if it's progressing or not.
Wonderful. So, now that's complete, it's
given us three different versions of
which we can open up. And by the way,
you can also say to it something like,
"Hey there, I'd like you to open these
up for me in the native editor." And
once you do that, it will basically open
up for you here. Let me show you what
that looks like. It says localhost, and
you can see now within this, we can
actually view the video and do various
different things. So, let's take a look
at the three different versions that we
got. So, this is number one. I'm going
to put the mic over here so you can hear
it. Hey there, my name is Jack Roberts,
and 80% of the time, it's correct all
the time. So, there we had a wonderful
lower thirds. And on the second one,
let's see what we've got on this one
here. Hey there, my name is Jack
Roberts, and 80% of the time, it's
correct all the time. So, he's got it I
mean like this is just a random style,
but you get the idea. You can basically
zip anything you want to. Number three
that we've got, let's play this one out.
>> My name is Jack Roberts, and 80% of the
time, it's correct all the time.
Beautiful. So, it's doing a full edit,
which is I think really cool. If you can
be specific about the style that you
want to, again, we can change anything
on it. So, say for example, we come back
to the captions one. Maybe I want the
text to be slightly smaller and have
blue and no gaps. We can just come back
and give it that feedback. And so, I've
just come ahead and give it that prompt.
But then when I come back, you can see
on the actual assets section, if you
click on this, you can see A, what code
is that's actually going on there. And
you can see the composition of the work
created. And then the assets, the actual
files and videos and images it's using
to create these things together. Cool.
So, now that's complete, let's come back
and see exactly what this looks like.
Come down here and play.
>> My name is Jack Roberts, and 80% of the
time, it's correct all the time. Which I
think is really cool. Obviously, you can
get really fancy with different HTML
animations. We can even come back and
ask it to add some animations in the
background whilst it's doing that.
Beautiful. So, now I come back and let's
see exactly what we've got. I'm just
going to go ahead and refresh the page
and see what we are dealing with.
All right, let's come over and hit play.
All right.
>> Hey there, my name is Jack Roberts, and
80% of the time, That's correct. all the
time. I think that's cool. And by the
way, I added that fader. I said, "Look,
add a fader." But the one issue it's got
is the audio sucks. This is the best
upgrade we can make. So, what I'd love
to do now is actually get the audio run
through Auphonic. So, we're just going
to come straight back over. And then
we're going to give it a prompt like,
"Awesome, I'd now like you to run
through the entire audio through
Auphonic. I'll give my API key, and then
just let me know when that's complete."
Auphonic, you can do like free ones, but
I've got a paid one cuz it's so freaking
cool. But all we're going to do is shoot
over there and to Auphonic's website.
It's like a great um audio enhancer,
basically. And it can do this for you
programmatically. Then once you're on
Auphonic's website, if you go to
settings at the top and you just control
F, find API, you'll see API key. You can
create one right here, and then just
provide that to Claude. Cool. So, now
that is completed, which is awesome. So,
I'm going to hit play on this one, and
we should see the improved audio. Let's
give it a quick listen. Wonderful. So,
now that's completed, let's check to see
if the audio is fully improved. Hey
there, my name is Jack Roberts, and 80%
of the time, it's correct all the time.
Which is cool. You may not be able to
pick up on it on the like just by that
way of recording it, but it is crazy it
can do that programmatically. And so,
the key here is to find something that
you'll do replicably that actually
works, and then we can automate that and
systematize that with Claude Code.
Specifically, we can have things like
land on our desktop, right? And Claude
will grab that automatically, do the
changes, do any cuts in the video, and
process the audio. Essentially, anything
that you can actually imagine. But the
problem here is that video and content
are just one small part of design. So,
the next thing that we need to do is
learn everything else Claude can do with
his design firepower by watching this
video right here.